add `@mock` spec (#10)
graphql/gaps: GAP-0/README.md

# GAP-0: @mock Specification

## Overview

This proposal defines the `@mock` directive, enabling GraphQL clients to return
mocked data for fields or entire operations. Mock data is stored statically in
JSON files alongside the operations that use them.

## Motivation

Client and backend developers often work in parallel, but clients cannot build

> against schema that doesn't yet exist. The `@mock` directive lets client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
against schema that isn't yet implemented. The `@mock` directive lets client
```

developers define and use mock responses for fields and types that may not yet
be present in the server schema, unblocking frontend development.

## FAQs

### Conditional response based on list position

This specification does not support conditional use of mock values per array 
position. You may however hoist usage of `@mock` to the parent node that returns

> a list and return an array containing different values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification does not support conditional use of mock values in individual array
positions. You may, however, hoist usage of `@mock` to the parent node that returns
a list and return an array containing different values.
```
